what we discovered is that
children don't need a license to be
children or to be goofy you know i mean
that's just sort of what they're
expected to do
so
if
what the sense of liberation is when the
kids come is is when they're actually
taken seriously you know when they get
to make actual judgments about how
things could work and you know
try to be pragmatic about it whereas um
you know that's the thing that they
never get to do and it's like the
forbidden thrill whereas with adults and
there's a reason why so many you know
the more serious the adult the more kind
of idiotic they become when they have an
excuse to around children um
you the the license the thing you never
get to do is just be totally goofy you
know um and and
they were sort of experiencing the
initial liberation all right we could do
anything we do this brainstorm it
doesn't have to make sense all right um
and we gave the example of the pandas
and the cars we've kind of set the tone
for the thing so so so that i think
about us you have to go through two
stages first you have to like throw off
the shackles of all you have on your
imagination by reverting to a child-like
state and then you're able to actually
integrate that and get to the practical
stuff whereas kids can go straight to
the practical stuff because they've
already got the first thing it hasn't
been beaten out of them yet and i think
that in a way a lot of the things that
they came up with
in the
[Music]
content and well the content in the
forum kind of reproduced each other one
of the things that they came up with in
the content was that children will be
giving orders
that was actually them sort of making
their own internal children into the uh
the directing power behind their
imagination or the way they said that
you know
citizenship is based on imagination and
they'll be amazed to get in that was
again you know reproducing the very
structure of their own um
[Music]
of their own participation as the
contents of the city itself